Table of Contents
=================

* [mdp(1)](#mdp(1))
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Options](#options)
  * [Examples](#examples)
  * [Bugs](#bugs)

mdp(1)
======

Markdown partial processor.

## Usage

```
mdp [-vfh] [--color|--no-color] [--debug] [-v|--verbose] [-f|--force]
    [--pandoc] [--inspect] [--pedantic|--no-pedantic] [--toc|--no-toc]
    [-h|--help] [--version] [--log-level=<level>] [--log-file=<file>]
    [--section=<1-8>] [-n|--filename=<name>] [--toc-title=<title>]
    [-p|--print=<format>] [--timeout=<ms>] [-t|--title=<title>]
    [-i|--input=<file...>] [-o|--output=<file...>]
    [-w|--middleware=<file...>] <args>
```

## Options

* `--[no]-pedantic`: Enable or disable pedantic middleware.
* `--[no]-color`: Enable or disable terminal colors.
* `--log-file=[file]`: Redirect to log file.
* `--debug`: Enable debugging.
* `-v, --verbose`: Print more information.
* `-f, --force`: Force file overwrite.
* `--pandoc`: Include pandoc meta data.
* `--inspect`: Enable inspect middleware.
* `--section=[1-8]`: Set the man page section.
* `-n, --filename=[name]`: Set the output file name.
* `--log-level=[level]`: Set the log level.
* `--[no]-toc`: Enable or disable the table of contents middleware, this overrides a `toc` value in the meta data.
* `--toc-title=[title]`: Set the title for the table of contents, this overrides --no-toc and the `toc` meta data property.
* `-p, --print=[format]`: Print document to stdout.
* `--timeout=[ms]`: Millisecond timeout for middleware.
* `-t, --title=[title]`: Document title.
* `-i, --input=[file...]`: Meta definition file(s).
* `-o, --output=[file...]`: Output file(s), may be specified once for each format. The output format is determined by the file extension, md, txt, html, xhtml or [1-8]. If no output files are specified then README.md is generated in the current directory. If the output path is a directory then a file is created for each supported format.
* `-w, --middleware=[file...]`: Require custom middleware.
* `-h, --help`: Display this help and exit.
* `--version`: Output version information and exit.

## Examples

* `mdp --force`: Generate `README.md` from `package.json`, overwriting the file if it already exists.
* `mdp --toc`: Include a table of contents.
* `mdp --no-toc`: Disable table of contents (overrides meta data).
* `mdp --toc-title Navigation`: Enables the toc middleware and sets the title for the table of contents.
* `mdp --force --pandoc`: Generate `README.md` with pandoc meta data prepended.

## Bugs

Report bugs to muji [&#110;&#x6f;&#111;&#x70;&#x40;&#x78;&#112;&#109;&#46;&#105;&#x6f;](&#109;&#x61;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#x6f;&#58;&#110;&#x6f;&#111;&#x70;&#x40;&#x78;&#112;&#109;&#46;&#105;&#x6f;).

Generated by [mdp(1)](https://github.com/freeformsystems/mdp).

